snowflake_initialization_warehouse parameter (#8864)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/snowflake-configs.md

```

### Initialization warehouse

Snowflake supports an `INITIALIZATION_WAREHOUSE` parameter that specifies which virtual warehouse to use when initializing or reinitializing a dynamic table. 

Starting `dbt-snowflake` v1.12, you can use the `snowflake_initialization_warehouse` parameter to configure this. This is separate from the `snowflake_warehouse` parameter used for regular incremental refreshes. By setting `snowflake_initialization_warehouse`, you can use a larger warehouse for the initial build and reinitialization, while keeping `snowflake_warehouse` smaller for regular refreshes.

To configure the `snowflake_initialization_warehouse` parameter, refer to the following example:

```sql
{{ config(
    materialized='dynamic_table',
    snowflake_warehouse='COMPUTE_WH',
    snowflake_initialization_warehouse='LARGE_WH',
    target_lag='1 minute'
) }}

select * from {{ source('raw', 'events') }}
```

**Key points:**
- If `snowflake_initialization_warehouse` is not set, Snowflake uses `snowflake_warehouse` for both initialization and regular refreshes.
- You can change `snowflake_initialization_warehouse` on an existing dynamic table without a full refresh.

> - To unset the initialization warehouse and revert to the default behavior, set it to `None`.

Reviewer: Hiya Bianca

I’ve reviewed the linked issues ([1566](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-adapters/issues/1566) and [1567](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-adapters/pull/1567) but didn’t see any mention of unsetting this config by setting it to `none`. To keep the docs closer to the behavior in the adapter mentioned in the issues), would it be worthwhile rewording this bullet to something like: “To unset the initialization warehouse and revert to the default behavior, remove the `snowflake_initialization_warehouse` parameter from your model configuration.”?

Author: Great catch, Nat! How about we add both options: 
```suggestion
- To revert to the default behavior after setting an initialization warehouse, either remove the `snowflake_initialization_warehouse` parameter from your model configuration or explicitly set it to `None`.
```
